hello guys welcome to my channel I am
out changing my shoes that wasn't look
more normal because we are going to a
such opening party in 500 startups in
Mountain View and I'm actually in
Mountain View and this set up is over
there
some guidance but ok
sometimes my shoes and we're going to
see the office where we started as a
company to linger trip was formed in
that office is the slowest edit in the
stays and so excited because I love
visiting the place I'm getting pissed
some people said what if they're so to
get your pillows
[Music]
behind me is one of my favorite spots
when I wanted to work outside edges in
here and yes do you know what's the
acceptance rate to get into my primary
product it's less than 5% so it's
actually more competitive than Stanford
yes less than 5% can you imagine that
and if they get like houses of
applicants the first came here I said on
the sofa and I told my co-founders can
you imagine this is Mel our office like
this is the entrance to our office isn't
it great
[Music]
okay guys you spent a little over 500
office and right now I wanted to tell
you our story how we raise our first
$100,000 it happens when we got into
five hundred and you should see their
office but because I was meeting so many
people there I was meeting our EEOC IRS
entrepreneur-in-residence
because I got pushed around their own
companies that also mentor company to
get into five hundred and if you like my
fellow graduates
and in Madison um so wasn't able to fill
the video but right now as a substance
1wp parts are racial yes sometimes it
will have ways joining me so the story
is we got into one hundred and twenty
fifteen in April and we actually started
coding a broader back in 2013
it's not like it was a first company
ever and we've never done anything with
business where she started a first
company for Michael hunter in 2011 but
it was a small offline agency with some
people study broad
we had a small st. Petersburg and what
people needed to do they needed to come
to our office sign an agreement and we
were charged something auditor for our
services and he's one lonely Russian
people who wanted to study English in
the UK or United States and then we
realize we wanted to grow then we
realized we want to be international
have clients from all over the world and
this is how we decided to send the only
platform because we realized like
studying it and office in Spain or
starting in offices Canada China India
is not a solution because we're justice
o'connor's and we want to grow faster so
we decided to go the platform closing
the platform is really expensive even in
Russia like you know Russia is a cheap
country in terms of Technology but it
was still very expensive for us to find
the right guys and to build the product
so by the end of 2014 who are running
out of money because our core business
which was the olanzapine agency it
stopped growing that fast because Russia
went into crisis and wouldn't have a lot
of money so instead of fundraising and a
first experience fundraising with Russia
and we received some weird offers like
all guys are gonna invest - not 200
thousand years - company but you would
need to give up two board seats which
actually meant that we lost control of
our company and
is not the best decision when you just
start something so artsy oh you have
very covered said no because I was
tempted to eggs ability and a machine
feel albeit sometimes people ask oh you
know the CEO I I feel more I feel want
of the CEO because I use that to my part
in the company is actually creating
product and talking to you guys and
talking to customers and making sure
that process is easy nice as I want to
constrain that in our CL substrates of
the efficient life of confessors we
output and we have open circle with the
CEO who joins us in 2014 so yeah then we
started fundraising then we started
meeting more and more dress there's a
lot of people to know to us and that's
okay yours my life you guys if you
haven't watch it you should totally
watch it if you're interested in the
sort of topic so my livestream was from
500 office and I will leave a link below
and you ask a lot of great questions
you'll get an idea how the office looks
like so so we started fundraising we've
done a lot of meetings and it actually
takes around 170 meetings to graze
around and around is like I don't know
dispensing your company which varies
with like four hundred thousand up to
two million dollars so be prepared to
hear around one hundred sixteen trolls
but around canopies yes
and that's what's important like both
the essence those will be your investors
how can we help your company grow and
who would invest their own money in your
ideas so yeah and our 500 applications
where she haven't submitted an
application because we were introduced
to one of the mentors at 500 and this
mentor has the same Robert is returned
from Chile she was learning Spanish and
she said she had a lot of troubles
finding the right school was looking it
and she said well guys music exactly
what I needed
two months ago and I'm surprised
nobody's doing this in a way too huge so
we got accepted in like after the ten
minutes kind poll and this was on
Cathedral first and when they sent us
the offering and I progressed when we
still thought it was a joke so I come I
guess is not really happening like you
know sitting in this Roshan office that
were in just like $300 and I wouldn't
know what's the neck as a nurse he was
offered to invest $100,000 in your
company to say yeah two weeks we were in
the Silicon Valley and we started a
venture team inside is not a good match
were able to raise more angel money and
resources
after demo day and demo days actually
what happens at the end of the programs
with all the investors Newtons
and your in front of house so this
is the story insurance I'm out guys this
would be useful for you and you have any
questions don't fantastic comments
please settle your positive energy in
your life to this video because it's
really important to me to know that this
topic is interesting and yes
out this is useful and I hope to see you
in my next video don't get
[Music]
you